# Lingenia

This small flask app allows you to generate individual words for a naming language. The words are generated by selecting common phonemes (or a user selected combination of phonemes), then combining these into syllables and finally combining the syllables into words.

## How to use this app



Alternatively, you can click on individual phonemes to add them to the list. Selected phonemes (either those generated by entering the number of vowels and consonants or manually selected by the user) will be highlighted in red.

You can download the output phoneme list and the generated words by clicking the 'download' button at the top of the screen. Uploading this file (using the 'upload' button) will return the same phoneme selection so that you can generate more words.

## Running on Windows

To run Lingenia with a development environment on Windows:
1. Clone this repository
2. Ensure that your version of Python has the modules in the 'Requirements' sections below installed (making a Python virtual environment may be helpful).
3. Open Windows cmd
4. Go to the 'Lingenia' folder in the location of the cloned repository (by using the 'change directory' command 'cd', or by opening cmd in the folder location of Lingenia).
5. Start the flask app by entering the following:
'''
set FLASK_APP=lingenia
set FLASK_ENV=development
flask run
'''
6. Open a browser window and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/lingenia

You should see the main Lingenia page as shown above.

## Requirements



## Possible future features


## Attributions and changes.

The files containing probabilities of phonemes (both vowels and consontants) are modified from the Phoible database: Moran, Steven & McCloy, Daniel (eds.) 2019., PHOIBLE 2.0., Jena: Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History. (Available online athttp://phoible.org, Accessed on 2020-07 and 2020-08.)

